who uses system?
	public  - used to make micro donations
			- uses to track donations for taxes
who operates/maintains
	in-house/for profit entity
what other systems use this system?
			- none
what other systems are used by this system?
			banking system (Plaid)
			non-profit systems (?)
			
Use Cases:
	K. makes a single purchase on a certain day at a grocery store. The total is $3.75. 
	This transaction is recorded in K.'s bank account transaction history. 
	Somnium pings K.'s bank account and obtains transactions by K. for the day. Each (positive) transaction of the day
	is rounded up to the nearest dollar then summed. The summed amount is withdrawn from K.'s bank account and deposited
	in a Somnium holding account. The amount and date of withdrawl is persisted in the database under K.'s account.
	
	A. would like to sign up to Somnium to make donations to her favorite charity. A. provides Somnium with her bank account information,
	name, address, bank name, account number, routing information, and selects a charity from paticipating non-profits to be the 
	beneficiary of her donation. All of the information is persisted to the database and starting immediately all purchases 
	by A. are subject to the donation process.
	
	Periodically, Somnium sums donation amounts for each charity and transfers the total to the non-profit's accounts. In addition,
	Somnium provides the charity with the name and address of the donation originator. 
	
	
Constraints:
	How many charities can a user choose?
	Can a user specify a cut-off point for rounded amounts (i.e. user only wants transactions rounded that result in a donation of .50 or less).
	Can a user specify a cut-off for an absolute dollar amount per month (per year, etc.).
	
	Assuming Somnium is a for profit (or a non non-profit) can paperwork be provided that would qualify for IRS year-end tax write offs.
		-can donation information just be forwarded to the non-profit who will then take care of all paperwork.
	
	How long can Somnium retain donations in the Somnium account. Can the money be used to make money in the interim (i.e. between when the 
	money is donated and the money is delivered to beneficiaries?
	